okay and then we're gonna cook our Kobe
to go with our some John and our Moo
Chin's
I think what I'm gonna do take out my
broiling pan I like to put a little bit
of foil Japan because there is because
there's so much sugar gonna be a really
sticky mess to clean up we'll take our
kalbi now we'll line it up in the pan
now this kalbi isn't very thickly cut so
it won't take forever to cook of course
if you can do it on the grill that's
even better
and then you get all that delicious
grill flavor to go with it
so here's your cobby it's a nice dinner
for two you've got your Moo chims which
we can arrange on the plate on your side
dish plate so you got rice and meat that
we're gonna stick in the broiler for
about four minutes per side I mean you
have your traditional Korean barbecue